Fix building qgis with Qt6 on Windows (#52175)
qgis/QGIS: CMakeLists.txt

  endif()

>   set (WITH_QTWEBKIT TRUE CACHE BOOL "Enable QtWebkit support")
>   if (BUILD_WITH_QT6)
>     set (WITH_QTWEBKIT FALSE CACHE BOOL "Enable QtWebkit support" FORCE)
>   endif()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  if (BUILD_WITH_QT6)
    set (WITH_QTWEBKIT_DEFAULT FALSE)
  else()
    set (WITH_QTWEBKIT_DEFAULT TRUE)
  endif()
  set (WITH_QTWEBKIT ${WITH_QTWEBKIT_DEFAULT} CACHE BOOL "Enable QtWebkit support")
  
  if (BUILD_WITH_QT6 AND WITH_QTWEBKIT)
    message(FATAL_ERROR "QtWebkit is not supported on Qt6. Disable WITH_QTWEBKIT or BUILD_WITH_QT6.")
  endif()
```

The current proposed approach will also silently fail, which is not transparent to the user. Better change the default.

  endif()

  set (WITH_QTWEBKIT TRUE CACHE BOOL "Enable QtWebkit support")

>   if (WITH_QTWEBKIT AND NOT BUILD_WITH_QT6)

Reviewer: I think we should instead explicitly fail, can you add a condition on these two and `MESSAGE(FATAL_ERROR "WITH_QTWEBKIT is not supported for Qt6 builds")`.

Author: Maybe a WARNING + Forcing it to FALSE, it default to TRUE so It's not user/developer fault!

Reviewer: That or changing the default for Qt6 are both fine for me :+1:
